Document Azure CLI setup for AKS with Entra Workload ID (#40635)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/application-access/cloud-apis/azure.mdx

- An Azure VM where you will run the Teleport Application Service. The Azure VM
  must be running a Linux distribution.
  
  <Admonition type="note" title="Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)">
  Note that this guide is also applicable to Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)
  deployment with Microsoft Entra pod-managed identities enabled. However, the

>   pod-managed identities feature will deprecate in September 2024.

Reviewer: Nit: I don't remember seeing `deprecate` used in this fashion... perhaps we can rewrite this way?

```suggestion
  pod-managed identities feature will be deprecated in September 2024.
```
